2010 x5 the bmw x5 is an award winning
performance space and efficiency vehicle
and is priced below $40,000 this vehicle
has less than 30,000 miles here are some
of this vehicles great options heated
seats anti-lock braking system stability
control third row seat
traction control dual airbags power
steering air-conditioning front
Bluetooth wireless data link for
hands-free phone alloy wheels keyless
entry cruise control am/fm stereo radio
power windows mp3 playback stereo power
door locks brake assist rear AC daytime
running lights leather this beauty is
sure to make you the talk of the
neighborhood so call or drop in for a
test drive today